# 104-pp

## 0101
<p> Well, last semester was totally challenging for me because I have never experienced remote learning before and also learning from a far distance with a time difference of 13+ hours. I have faced various difficulties like Technical issues, Distractions and time management. But apart from that Computer Sciences, especially courses on programming languages, are not only more time consuming but are also difficult to grasp, which is due to the highly technical subject matter. Well before previous semester I was not able to work independently which means sometimes i feel alone to do my colloge work because I always like to work in classroom atmosphere which impacts on my concentration and grasping skills. If I talk about coding development issues then I would like to say that in the beggining whenever I wrote any code I always forget to recheck that and it always shows me an error so I had to find out the error which takes my double time after that I worked on it and I always try to recheck my coding portion after particular break which makes my work easier. I have also worked on recursion because it was also challenging but some youtube videos and faculty's guidelines helped me out. </p>

## 0102
<p> Well as I mentioned above there were several difficulties which I had overcome but one of the I would like to talk about "comments" at such steps of coding because I always put less efforts to do comments which is not good but sometimes I'm out of words and a bit lazy to do at every step. But after I get know about that comments can do work like cherry on the cake means it makes your work more accurate. I try to put more efforts on it beacuse that increases readability of mine. Another point where I had improved was code checker, in the beggings sometimes I become overconfident and ignore to check the code in validator because I was assuming in my head that how can be that is wrong but after stumbling in that I'm aware and giving my best. Lastly, I'm talking about the thing in which I have improved the most is I was trying to mug-up codes before I write which turns out into headache after all I overcome this by understand every concept and taking help from my friend about this particular concern. </p>
